

Commands: [Navigation: {
	def ls()
		#shorthand for list
		return "ls, This command is used to return the elements of the current directory, option -l,"
	def cd()
		#shorthand for change directory.
		return "cd, This command is used to change the current directory option ".." will go up one level in a directory, "~" will list the objects in the home directory "
	def pwd()
		#shorthand for the parent working directory or current working directory, name.
		return "pwd, This command returns the name of the directory the user is currently looking at."
	def mkdir()
		#shorthand for make directory
		return "mkdir, This command creates a new subdirectory (child) to the current working directory."
	def mv()
		#shorthand for move
		return "mv, This command is used to move objects from one directory to another directory.syntax: mv 'thisobjectordirectory' 'tothisdirectory'"
	def curl()
		#shorthand for see url or see webpage
		return "curl, This command is used to retrieve the contents of a specified url to the terminal window, '-L' will return all info for the redirects, curl - o - L is used to write the contents of a page and its redirects to a newly named and created file, syntax: curl -o 'filename' -L 'www.webpagetodownload.com'"
	def cat()
		#shorthand for con'cat'enate to run sequentially together
		return "cat, This command is used to list the contents of a file, usually text based."
	def less()
		# same as concatenate just less
		return "less, This command is use to list a portion of a file one screenful at at a time, just like cat only in small chunks"
	def rm()
		#shorthand for "remove directory"
		return "rm, This command is used to remove a selected file, syntax: rm 'filename' full path to file if not in the current directory,-i option to prompt for each directory removed"
	def rmdir()
		#shorthand for "remove directory"
		return "rmdir, This command is used to remove a directory from a location on drive as apposed to rm which removes a file -i option to prompt for each directory removed"
	def grep()
		#searches a text file for a piece of text that matches a pattern similar to contain()
		return "searches a text file for a piece of text that matches a pattern similar to contain(), you can pipe the output to wc to view the instances of a particular value within a file"
	def echo()
		return " print?"
	
	
		
}
Modifying: {
	def 

}

Special Chars: {
	def !()
		return "!, is a way to repeat the last instuciton at least once, the number of times is indicated by the number of instances of '!'"
	def *()
		return "*, wildcard special character"
	def *()
		return ".., wildcard special character"
	def |()
		return "|, this is the pipe operator which means to "
	def =()
		return "this is an assignment operator when used singularly doesn't accept any spaces"
} 	

##alias : assignment to a new variable. Hypthetical syllogism adding a new antecedent to a known function.


]